fix(curriculum): fix grammar and terminology consistency in toggle text app workshop (#69376)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-toggle-text-app/67cd4fe67813f71c3479e64a.md

One way to show the paragraph text is to change the initial value for the `useState` hook.

> Change the current `useState` value from `false` to `true`. When done correctly, you should see that the paragraph text is now displaying on the screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the initial value for `useState` from `false` to `true`. When done correctly, you should see that the paragraph text is now displaying on the screen. 
```
